README.md, before:

# BLNCE – Workout & Wellness Application

Welcome to **BLNCE**, a modern workout application designed to help users achieve balance in their fitness journey. BLNCE offers guidance, inspiration and curated workout content to help the user get moving in whatever way they need.

## Overview

**BLNCE** is a responsive web application built as part of the class "Web Design Project" at Jönköping University during the spring term of 2025. It showcases front-end development competence using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as well as visual design and user experience elements.

The project was made with the thought of possible expansion in mind, leaving space towards possibilites such as scale and complexity.

---

## Features

- **Responsive Design** – Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge).

- **Mobile-Friendly Layout** – Clean navigation and accessible content on all devices.
- **Modern UI** – Explore the application through a visually appealing layout with motivating imagery and clear typography, as well as a user tested interface.
- **Explore our workout builder** – Create your own workouts by selecting seperate exercises from an external API, which is filtered by core, arms, back, chest and legs for ease of use.
- **Account creation** – Create and be able to store your own data through a simple simulated back-end account. All previously browsed workouts as well as favorited and personalized workouts are stored here.
- **Understand how you effect your body through exercise** – Browse through categories such as "cycling" where you learn about the benefits of the exercise as well as the impact it has on your body. Choose whether your focus is on strength (or power), stamina or endurance to take your next step towards movement!
- **Get inspired** – Get inspired with scientifically backed facts about why you should move your body!

---

## Getting Started

To run the project locally:

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/web-design-project-2025/web-design-project-group-03.git
```

Commit message:

updated readme file with authors and project logo

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="img/Beige-blnce-logo.png" alt="BLNCE Logo" width="70">
</p>

# BLNCE – Workout & Wellness Application

Welcome to **BLNCE**, a modern workout application designed to help users achieve balance in their fitness journey. BLNCE offers guidance, inspiration and curated workout content to help the user get moving in whatever way they need.

## Overview

**BLNCE** is a responsive web application built as part of the class "Web Design Project" at Jönköping University during the spring term of 2025. It showcases front-end development competence using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as well as visual design and user experience elements.

The project was made with the thought of possible expansion in mind, leaving space towards possibilites for scale and complexity.

---

## Features

- **Responsive Design** – Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge).

- **Mobile-Friendly Layout** – Clean navigation and accessible content on all devices.
- **Modern UI** – Explore the application through a visually appealing layout with motivating imagery and clear typography, as well as a user tested interface.
- **Explore our workout builder** – Create your own workouts by selecting seperate exercises from an external API, which is filtered by core, arms, back, chest and legs for ease of use.
- **Account creation** – Create and be able to store your own data through a simple simulated back-end account. All previously browsed workouts as well as favorited and personalized workouts are stored here.
- **Understand how you effect your body through exercise** – Browse through categories such as "cycling" where you learn about the benefits of the exercise as well as the impact it has on your body. Choose whether your focus is on strength (or power), stamina or endurance to take your next step towards movement!
- **Get inspired** – Get inspired with scientifically backed facts about why you should move your body!

---

## Getting Started

To run the project locally:

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/web-design-project-2025/web-design-project-group-03.git
```

## Authors

[![aonajin](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-aonajin-pink?logo=github)](https://github.com/yourusername)
[![tutatrumpet](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-tutatrumpet-orange?logo=github)](https://github.com/yourusername)
[![Maxliljeqvist](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Maxliljeqvist-blue?logo=github)](https://github.com/yourusername)
